Have you ever wondered why some women
get all the attention of men and
especially the ones you have always
wanted to attract? Why is it that all
men are drawn to her without her even
lifting her little finger? I have good
news and bad news. The bad news, it's
because of a few secrets that only a few
women know. The good news, I'm going to
reveal all of these secrets today. So
after this video, you will know exactly
what to do to become part of those very
few women who know how to use their
feminine energy and be irresistible to
any man without doing anything. Let's
get into this. The first trait I want to
talk about is emotional intelligence and
regulation. Men find it very attractive
to be with a woman who can express her
emotions herself freely, openly, and
clearly. Emotional intelligence is not
only about knowing how the other person
is feeling, what the other person is
feeling. It's also about knowing what
you are feeling, how are you feeling,
and being able to express that without
letting it take over you. This is so
important because men ultimately want to
make us happy. A man comes into your
life because he finds you attractive. He
wants to get to know you and he wants to
make you happy. He wants to provide. He
is showing love with actions, not with
words. and how can he best possible
provide for you without knowing how you
feel, why you feel that way, and what he
can do for you to make you feel more or
less of that. That's why it's so
important that whenever you feel
frustrated or angry that you are able to
communicate that to the right time, in
the right place, and also in the right
wordings. What do I mean by that? Let's
say you're dating a man. You're in a
relationship with a man or your husband.
He says to you, "Hey, I'm going to have
a meeting. I will be done in 1 hour."
After 1 hour, you don't hear from him.
He doesn't say anything. 2 hours are
passing, still you don't hear anything
from him. 3 hours pass, you still don't
hear from him. After 3 and 1/2 hours, he
is calling you. He's sending you a
message saying, "Hey, it took longer and
I'm tired now. I will be going to
sleep." Now, your emotional intelligence
and regulation is required. He has been
in a meeting for 2 or 3 hours and he is
obviously tired and exhausted. If you're
now starting to call him and say, "Why
you didn't tell me it's going to take
longer? You didn't find the decency to
minimum send me a message. I kept
waiting for you. Can you not come now?
You don't care about me. You don't love
me. That's the worst thing you can do.
You have to step into that situation
with the intelligence of knowing where
he is at, but also keeping your
boundaries and dignity intact. You are
obviously hurt and he didn't do anything
with the wrong intention. But right now,
it's not the right time to have that
conversation with him. Your task is to
regulate your emotions, to regulate
yourself. And the next morning, the next
day, or the next time you meet each
other, you will bring up that exact
topic and you will say how you felt. I
felt dismissed. I felt disrespected. I
felt sad. I felt whatever you felt. Name
it. Speak it out. And also reason it. I
felt X, Y, and Z because you did X, Y,
and Z. your actions made me feel a
certain type of way and then you add how
you would like to have it in future. In
future, I would appreciate if you can
just give me a hint. I would feel so
valued and respected if you can just
send me a message that you won't make it
today. This allows men to understand you
better and in future give you exactly
what you need. And that brings me to our
next trait, graciousness. Men speak in
actions. They express their love in
actions not in words. When you as a
woman understand that and use it to your
favor and also be gracious about that
and also be grateful when he is
expressing his love and actions and
you're not forcing him to give you love
the same way you would give it to him.
That's what makes you super attractive.
Men are going crazy about women who are
almost a little bit like the damsel in
distress playing a little helpless like
I need help and you're so strong, so
smart and intelligent and also you're so
good-looking. I would need help from
someone that is exactly like you. Men
love that. They fall for that every
single time. Not because they don't know
that, but that's what makes them going.
That's what they are naturally made and
built for. Men love protecting. Men love
providing. And men love saving someone
in a distressed situation. That's why
it's actually really really important to
always keep in mind to let the man feel
like the hero and the provider and the
protector in any given situation. And
even if it's for small things, let him
do and then appreciate the things. For
example, you're in a restaurant and
you're trying to open the water bottle
yourself and pretend that it's way too
heavy. It's way too tight and you cannot
open it. And then you can ask him
because it's so difficult to open and
you need someone that has really strong
grip and a really strong arm like him to
open the bottle for you. Or for example,
you're getting cozy on the sofa with
your boyfriend, with your husband, and
then you remember you forgot something
small, really unnecessary, and actually
unimportant for you in the kitchen,
another room, on the balcony, and you
ask him if he can please get up to get
this. And then when he comes back, you
say, "You saved my day. You're such a
hero for me. Thank you so much." Overdo
it a little bit. Don't fake it too much,
but overdo it and give him as many
opportunities to show acts of service
because that's how men fall in love and
that's how men show love. And when they
do, appreciate it. When they do, be
gracious and reward him with sweet
words, with softness, because ultimately
that's what men want, right? They want
what they cannot give themselves, which
is the feminine, the softness, and the
warmth. Now, this leads into our next
trait, which is receiving. A woman who
truly knows how to receive is
irresistible for men. As I already said,
men love acts of service. Men love to
show through actions how much they love
you, how much they want you, how much
they like you. And if you know how to
receive proper and be grateful and
appreciative for everything you receive,
all they want to do is more. They will
be so fired up and motivated to do more
for you because you are so appreciative.
Now, I talk about this in many other
videos. We have to learn to be
appreciative of everything, every act of
service possible, which can also be
things that we could do ourselves maybe
even better or even starting with
compliments. When a man is making you a
compliment and you say, "It's not true,
or I'm not looking that good. I don't
find myself beautiful today."
Compliments are the first way of a man
trying to give to you. compliments,
opening the doors, picking you up,
sending you a car, inviting you to
dinner, inviting you for a date. Those
are very small, tiny acts of service.
And it's almost like the men testing you
if you are able to receive, if you're
able to be gracious, if you're able to
take what comes from the masculine and
receive it with the feminine. I
understand many women have had traumatic
experiences and some of us have learned
through past experiences or even through
our childhood that we have to do
everything ourselves. We're independent
women and we should never rely on
someone else. But that's exactly what
pushes men away and what turns men off.
A man wants to be taking care of the
situation. He wants to be in charge of
the situation of things going on and he
doesn't want to feel like there is no
air to breathe because you're already
taking care of everything and you do not
want to receive anything which can start
by compliments. When he is giving you a
compliment, keep in mind he is seeing
you that way. A man is not just telling
you how beautiful you are when he
doesn't find you that beautiful. He sees
you in a completely different light than
you see yourself. So
see it from his perspective and take the
compliment, receive the compliment with
a warm and genuine thank you when he
opens the door. Thank you. When he
offers you his jacket because he sees
that you feel cold. Thank you so much.
You're so attentive. You're so sweet.
Thank you. I feel so taken care of.
That's what makes men melt. You really
have to put away that masculine shield
when you're with a man and let him take
over the situation. I know some women
who have it really, really hard to let
go of that controlling. They want to be
in charge of the whole situation. Every
time they get into the car, they are
demanding turn down the AC. Open the
window. It's smelling bad. drive slower,
take the right here. Here was a parking,
you missed the exit, which was probably
very helpful and necessary in some
moments in their life. But when you are
with a man and you do this, you take
away his ability to lead because you
already lead the situation. You don't
give him space and air to lead and it
puts him off. True masculine man will
not be attracted to a woman that is so
much in her masculine that she cannot
sit back and receive. When you get into
his car and the AC is too high, you
don't touch the AC. You don't open the
window. You don't do anything. But
sitting back and telling him, "It's a
bit chilly in here. It's a bit cold. You
don't think so?" And let him step up. He
will turn down the AC. He will open the
windows. He will do whatever is
necessary when you tell him what to do.
Now, the next trait that men go crazy
about is playfulness. Men do not want to
be surrounded with more strict, more
seriousness, more thinking, more
strategy, more structure. They want to
be surrounded by something that makes
them feel light in their so heavy day,
in their so heavy week, in their
masculine, right? When they meet you,
they want to feel light. They want to
feel like they can let go when they are
around you and they can get out of their
head for a moment. The next trait is
believing in him. Believing in a man is
so important because men only believe in
themselves because of the belief you
have in them. A man's belief stems from
your belief in him. If he thinks he can
lift 500 kgs in the gym, it's not
because he is believing in himself in
the first place. It's because there are
women in his life that believe he can do
it, that believe in him, that he is so
strong, that look at him, that tell him,
"Wow, you have so strong arms." And then
he wants to prove it. He wants to show
the woman in his life, I can actually
lift 500 kgs. And the same is when
you're going on a date. You do not plan
the date. He's asking you where you want
to go. You do not tell him, "I want to
go to this sushi place. I want to go to
this restaurant. I want you tell him I
believe you have a good taste." And you
choose a really good restaurant for us.
And that puts him in his mind. He
doesn't want to disappoint you. He wants
to prove to you that he's actually as
good as you believe in him to be. The
next trait is style. Ultimately, men are
attracted first to your outer
appearance, right? So, your style, your
aura, the way you are showing up does
matter a lot because that's the first
impression and that's actually who you
attracted. If you're always going around
like a little tomboy with oversized
hoodies, with sneakers, hair not really
done, no makeup. Of course, you are more
likely to attract feminine men because
ultimately a feminine man is looking for
his polarity, which is a bit more
masculine. Now, I want you to look at
yourself in the mirror. Think about how
you show up every day in your daily when
you go outside, when you meet someone.
How do you show up for yourself and for
others? And then ask yourself, is the
type of guy that you want to attract
attracted to this type of woman? If it's
a yes, great. If it's a no, then your
want and need is misaligned with how you
present yourself. The next very
important trait that men go crazy about
is confidence. And confidence doesn't
mean that you have to be loud, outgoing,
extrovert, that you have to be in a
specific type of way. You just have to
be confident in yourself for the exact
way how and who you are. I don't want
you to be someone else, but be confident
in who you are. For example, me, I am a
very, I would say, introvert person. I'm
a very quiet person. I'm a very put
together and also emotionally regulated
person. I am not loud. I am not very
outgoing. But when I'm moving, when I'm
going outside, you see me and you know
that I am confident. My aura says I'm
very confident because I know who I am
and I know how I look, what I bring with
me, what my aura brings with me. And
that's the confidence that other people
are perceiving even before I'm opening
my mouth. And the thing is that men
actually do know if you are really truly
confident or if you're faking
confidence. Some women, they are trying
so hard to act like they're confident
with too much makeup, with very short
clothes, with being very loud, with
being very extrovert, even though they
are not. And men do know that. Men do
notice without you saying a word if you
are truly confident or if you're just
acting like you were confident. And the
man is going crazy about the woman who
is truly confident in herself for the
exact way how she is. So the good news,
you don't have to change yourself to be
confident. The bad news, you have to go
deep and do some shadow work and get to
know yourself and accept and love
yourself for who you are to truly be
confident. The next trait I want to talk
about that men find super attractive is
to be self-sufficient. This topic seems
to be the most controversial because
self-sufficient doesn't mean that you're
hyperindependent, but self-sufficient
does also not mean that you are
dependent on a man. Self-sufficient
means two things. First of all,
emotional self-sufficiency.
You are so efficient by yourself that
you don't need his attention and
validation to feel worthy and to feel
good. You don't spiral once he is not
picking up the phone. You don't go
insane because you don't hear from him
one day. And the reason why that's so
attractive to men is because when you
would be in a relationship or you are in
a relationship, you are married, you
would have children, he is the one that
goes out in the wild and he is getting
the money, getting the resources, he is
taking care of the material stuff,
right? And he needs to be able to trust
you that you have the abilities, the
capabilities and the resources
emotionally first of all that you can
stay at home, take care of the children,
take care of yourself, and he can go out
without worrying if you will be okay. He
can go out and focus 100% on what he has
to do, on his mission to make more
money, to bring more resources, to get
out and give his everything and not get
distracted by wondering if you're okay,
if you can survive yourself. He doesn't
want you to be his child. He wants you
to be his woman. And the woman is able
to hold down the things while he's
outside. Please understand everything
I'm saying. You can take it literally by
word. But it's not only about staying at
home. It's not only about the household.
These are also metafers. They also apply
without having a household together,
without having children together,
without being married and having a
family. It's always the same thing. Men
go wild about women who are
self-sufficient.
And the second way you have to be
self-sufficient is financially. And this
part is so important because as a woman,
if you're fully dependent on a man,
especially when you get to know him, you
give away your power and also your
confidence and you are relying too much
on him and automatically also
emotionally. Because when you literally
have no place to stay and no income, but
you're living with a man, then of course
you will be also emotionally dependent
on this man because your life literally
depends on his willingness to take care
of you. And that should never ever be
the case unless maybe you're married and
having children together. But even then,
I would still be having your own thing
going on because it's for your own
sanity. It's for your own safety. And
it's never ever a bad idea to have
something that brings you purpose in
life and also some income for your own
confidence. Ultimately, a feminine
confident woman instills confidence in
her men. And that's the point. Another
reason why self-sufficiency is so so
important is because men also go wild
about women who have standards and
boundaries. Men love challenges and men
love when they are put in a place right.
They are going to military. They first
of all like when someone tells them what
to do and how to do and second of all
they need to know where the boundaries
are and which boundaries they can cross
and which they can't. And if you are not
self-sufficient emotionally and or
financially, you are more prone to not
set your boundaries because you will be
thinking what if I'm setting my
boundaries and then he's removing his
attention, removing his finances,
removing something that you literally
need to feel full. You always need to be
self-sufficient. There is no way around
that. And luckily nowadays, it's so easy
to make money. And it's also so
beautiful actually to be able to go to
the internet and do shadow work,
understand yourself better through
listening to videos like this one.
Understanding yourself, understanding
men better. The internet gives us every
information we want to have and we want
to inform us about. Now, the last
feminine trait I want to talk about that
men find so attractive that they can
literally not resist you is when you as
a woman understand your role as a woman.
You have to think about yinyang, right?
The yinyang sign already shows that the
feminine and the masculine needs each
other, but also we have some piece of
each other in us already. Now the thing
is that we need to know our place when
we are in a relationship. In a
relationship you are not the one that
needs to control and lead as the woman.
That's the part of the man. And when you
know that and you as I already said
throughout the video give him the
opportunities and the space to step up
to be the man that he is supposed to be.
That's when actually that attraction and
that desire drives between each other
because there is polarity, right? When
you're too much in your masculine,
you're very controlling. You don't want
to let go of doing things yourself.
You're very hyperindependent. You will
attract and meet men that are more
feminine. When you're very feminine in
your life and in your aura, in your
energy, and how you present yourself, of
course, you will attract men that are
more masculine. When you're too much in
your feminine, too much empathetic,
people pleasing, and too much in your
wounded feminine, of course, you will
attract narcissistic men because they
are way too much in their masculine. And
it's the wounded masculine. When it is
about feminine and masculine, everything
you are, you will always attract the
exact polarity of it, it works like a
magnet. If you are very very feminine,
you will attract someone that is very,
very masculine. If you're wounded
feminine, you will attract someone that
is wounded masculine. If you are
flourishing in your feminine, but you
know also where you need your masculine,
for example, to regulate your emotions,
to sometimes control your emotions, to
sometimes have structure and hold things
down when necessary, to have your own
masculine financial container that you
can take care of yourself even without a
man in your life. But when you are with
a man, you let him do all of these
things. You let him step up. You give
him the space to do the things that you
usually do yourself. That's when
polarity is driving. And that's what men
go insane about. I have written down
everything step by step, all my
strategies and also how to spot the
right man in my ebook, The Queen
Treatment. You will find it in the link
below. I hope this could help. I hope
you understand what exactly to do and
how you can transform yourself into that
desirable woman and you will start
attracting the man you have wanted to
attract for so long. You will be the
desired woman that you have always
wanted to be. I will see you in my next
video and I love you so so much.
Bye-bye.